Israeli air strikes level residential
buildings in anat in central
Gaza the dead and injured upo to Al AA
Hospital managed to lie beneath the rule
of the buildings that collapsed around
them we woke up around 3:15 a.m. after a
missile fell I went downstairs and found
all this destruction above our heads we
have no connection to any organization
two of my daughters were killed four of
my relatives also died there were more
than seven injured including my father
and my
sister anded all the Death doctors
managed to salvage
life this baby was rescued from the womb
of her pra mother killed in an Israeli
attack
overnight an immediate operation was
performed at the AL hospital after this
mother was killed the baby now is in the
incubator department and he started his
life as an orphan who has no mother
pregnant women have experienced so much
loss since the War Began in October
eight groups estimate that there are
more than 50,000 pregnant women right
now on the Gaza Strip Israel's war means
that they are three times more likely to
experience a miscarriage and three times
more likely to die in a child
birth dozens of people were killed
killed the hospital Mork full of
families forced to say
goodbye they killed children and a
pregnant woman this is an unprecedented
crime the Israelis don't care about the
International Community or human
rights Al jaaz darl balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer out